`Development`: Add documentation for push notifications with Hermes (#7010)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/setup.rst

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hermes Service
--------------

Push notifications for the mobile Android and iOS clients rely on the Hermes_ service.

> To enable push notifications the Hermes service needs to be started separately and special configuration on the Artemis instance is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable push notifications the Hermes service needs to be started separately and the configuration of the Artemis instance must be extended.
```

Configure and start Hermes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To run Hermes you need to clone the `repository <https://github.com/ls1intum/Hermes>`_ and replace the placeholders within the ``docker-compose`` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run Hermes, you need to clone the `repository <https://github.com/ls1intum/Hermes>`_ and replace the placeholders within the ``docker-compose`` file.
```

The following environment variables need to be updated for push notifications to Apple devices:

* ``APNS_CERTIFICATE_PATH``: String - Path to the APNs certificate .p12 file as described `here <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/setting_up_a_remote_notification_server/establishing_a_certificate-based_connection_to_apns>`_
* ``APNS_CERTIFICATE_PWD``: String - The APNS certificate password
* ``APNS_PROD_ENVIRONMENT``: Bool - True if it should use the Production APNS Server (Default false)

> Furthermore the <APNS_Key>.p12 needs to be mounted into the Docker under the above specified path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the <APNS_Key>.p12 needs to be mounted into the Docker under the above specified path.
```

To run the services for Android support the following environment variable is required:

* ``GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS``: String - Path to the firebase.json

> Furthermore the Firebase.json needs to be mounted into the Docker under the above specified path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the Firebase.json needs to be mounted into the Docker under the above specified path.
```

> To run both APNS and Firebase configure the Environment Variables for both.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run both APNS and Firebase, configure the environment variables for both.
```
